.\" -*- nroff -*-
.\"
.\" snapdump.1: snapdump man page
.\" Copyright (c) 2017-2018 Sergio Baldoví
.\"
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
.\" with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,
.\" 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA.
.\"
.\" Author contact information:
.\"
.\" E-mail: serbalgi@gmail.com
.\"
.\"
.TH snapdump 1 "1st July, 2018" "Version 1.4.3" "Emulators"
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH NAME
snapdump \(em List contents of Sinclair ZX Spectrum snapshot files
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B snapdump
[ \-m ]
.I infile
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH DESCRIPTION
snapdump describes the machine status and the attached peripherals stored
in a snapshot.
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.I \-m
Dump ROM/RAM/Flash memory pages to separate files.
.TP
.IR \-h ", " \-\-help
give brief usage help, listing available options.
.TP
.IR \-V ", " \-\-version
output version information.
.TP
.I infile
specifies the snapshot to be described. This file can be in any of the
snapshot formats supported by
.IR libspectrum "(3)."
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH BUGS
None known.
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH SEE ALSO
.IR fuse "(1),"
.IR fuse\-utils "(1),"
.IR libspectrum "(3)"
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH AUTHOR
Sergio Baldov\('i (serbalgi@gmail.com).
